I love my family very much.
Even though we don’t have a lot,
we’re glad we have each other.
Mom works really hard to provide for us.
It’s just the four of us.
We’ve all been feeling
just a little sad lately.
I can tell she’s really tired
and worries a lot.
I try to help out.
Sometimes I help
to get everyone ready for the meeting.
We seem to manage all right.
But things are really hard.
I think the elders
could tell we were struggling.
They came to visit us.
They were so loving.
They really listened to Mom
and even read her some scriptures.
They helped her to see
that Jehovah still cared about all of us
and that we still had the love
of the congregation to strengthen us.
I could tell Mom felt a lot better afterward.
At our next family worship,
Mom read to us 2 Corinthians 8:1-4.
That story is about the Macedonians.
Mom had us close our eyes
so we could imagine the scene.
Even though the Macedonians were very poor,
they found happiness
by giving what they could to others.
They even begged the apostles
for the opportunity to give.
Then we read Acts 20:35,
where it says:
“There is more happiness
in giving than there is in receiving.”
My sister said,
“But we don’t have anything to give.”
Mom said: “But we do.
We have ourselves.”
It got us all thinking.
Mom had a great idea.
We spent the rest of our family worship
making special gifts
for the friends in our congregation.
It was pretty amazing!
Even though we don’t have a lot materially,
there is still so much we can give,
like putting a little in the contribution box
each week and helping to clean.
And, of course, sharing in the ministry
is the very best way we can give to others.
Now we are even closer as a family.
And we have learned that there
truly “is more happiness in giving.”